https://codepen.io/BritHemming/full/jONmxOm

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is when you make use of attributes such as <nav>, <header>, <footer>, <section>, <p>, ... that do not add any actual function to the HTML
	but instead aim to make the code easier to read for any other developers, any automatic screen readers, or anything else that reads your code.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is used to make the frame work of websites, such as text, buttons, and links

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	attributes are the word that goes within an opening element that control the elements behaviour
		 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used once to largely display the main theme of the page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	anchor tags, img 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<script> and <style>

    7. What is an id? 
	a set value that can be referred to as anything between 2 quotes. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Everything except head, html, script, style, title

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once

    10. What is a class? 
	It's the same as an ID, but can be applied to multiple things
	
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	everything except the same elements an ID can be applied to

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	When an attribute can not be rendered it switches displaying the alt attribute value instead

    15. How do I reference an id?
	#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a section adds more meaning semanticaly than a div does
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	adding styling to your website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	just h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	an ID is generally only used to link to an outside javascript function where as a class is used similarly in CSS like when you have two h2's and want to 
	differentiate between them

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	it allows you to access a specific tag that is nested within another tag, this is great if you have a <section> tag that has a <p> tag and you only want to change
	the <p> tag

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	They are similar to javascript methods, but in CSS where they have the ability to functionaly do something such as :hover that gives you the ability to edit
	what happens when the user's mouse goes over it
   
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: (uppercase, lowercase, capitalize)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
		border: 1px dotted black;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	<!-- -->

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	To better track progress and if anything goes seriously wrong you have a massive ammount of backups to go back to 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	every 30 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork the repo
	add TL as collaborator
	clone the repo 
	create a branch named (firstname-lastname)
	Submit your push request	
	use student fork as base and compare 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document when they are called
	Block elements typically cause a line break to occure both of these can be controlled by CSS

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	An absolute positioned object will place it's self relative to it's parent (the last thing to have position :relative) or 
	if that is not an option it does it relative to the page. What this means is it will not go with the flow of a page. If it 
	placed on top of where text is it will not get out of the way for the text. It will just stay in it's place and block the text.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
 	display: inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Display block : div, footer, h1-h6
	Inline  : q, map, output
	Inline-block: img 
	
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
 	The box model is a set of boxes the start small and expand outward, each box describes a different spacing that should exist spaning outwards
	from the original content. The content has it's own width/length, following that there is the padding around it, after that is a border, then finally
	a margin. The problem with this model is that things end up becoming very fragile and if you want to make something exactly 200px you need to calculate
	all the layers. One "fix" I found online was to use the box-sizing: border-box which sets the padding and border size to a specific number. Meaning that any
	added padding or border will make the content smaller to ensure the overall width/height does not expand over your set max width/height.